Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Fires are mostly out.
There's nothing left to salvage.
I'll take a wagon into
town. get some supplies.
No.
We go...
back to Chinatown.
What are you talking about?
We no belong here.
I promise you. Strickland
will not get away with this.
He already did.
No. Ah Toy. wait!
You cannot take these
girls back to the brothel.
We worked so hard to get
them out of that life!
You no protect them.
You no protect them here.
In Chinatown. I can.
They were happy here.
Happy mean nothing if you dead.
You have a cop problem.
Bad enough you have
one living in here.
Now there's another outside.
Multiplying like
fucking rabbits.
The Secret Service
isn't interested in us.
A badge is a badge.
Look. I don't like
it either. but...
Everything all right?
Yeah.
Jack and I were
just catching up.
I got to restock the bar.
- You good?
- Mm.
Hey. cop.
Let me ask you something.
You really care about her?
I do.
Not that it's any
of your business.
You are standing
in my business...
You and that smiley
fuck outside.
Now. if you care about
her like you say you do.
you will take that
piece of tin...
and your lily-white ass and
get back where you belong.
And where's that?
Anywhere but here.
You take longer to
put on your face
than my third ex-wife.
What's our next move?
Well. most counterfeiters.
ones that aren't
outright idiots.
spend small at first.
check to see if their
bills pass muster
before they make any big moves.
So we sweep Chinatown.
check for any phony
papers in the local shops.
By the way...
let's meet at the
station from here on out.
Sure. though I will sorely miss
your neighborhood's
charming aroma.
Well. thank God you came by.
Otherwise Bernard
would still be going on
about that new horse of his.
If you saw Apollo. you'd
understand my enthusiasm.
His sire set a record at
the Preakness back in '76.
You see what I'm dealing with?
Darling. you're going to
bore Mai Ling to tears.
Actually. I'm quite
fond of horses.
My father used to take me to
the Mongolian horse markets
when I was a girl.
God. they had these
gorgeous white stallions.
I made him promise to
buy me one someday.
Connoisseur and a
businesswoman...
you are full of surprises.
Well. then I hope you'll
forgive my boldness.
but. well. I was wondering
if you'd given any thought
to our conversation
at the gallery.
Actually. I have.
I'll admit. diversifying your
assets outside of Chinatown
will be tricky.
but it can be done.
There's no reason
why you shouldn't be
able to conduct business
- like other Americans.
- I agree.
The rules barring
Chinese ownership
are nothing but rank
political posturing.
If only more people here
shared your sentiments.
Bernard will find a way.
He's brilliant at
that sort of thing.
If I were to hold your money
in a proprietary account
at the bank as part of
my personal portfolio.
I could gradually
take positions for you
across various industries...
With your approval. of course.
And what kind of industries
are we talking about?
Railroads. construction.
agriculture.
The possibilities are countless.
assuming you've got the
stomach for some risk.
I think you'll find I've
got the stomach for it.
When can we start?
Do you feel that. when
the rhythm changes?
That's when you go harder. okay?
Okay. I'm not going to be
able to get this right.
You know. you spin those
sticks around your head
with absolute precision. but
ask a man to turn a crank...
Your father taught you this?
He didn't teach me anything.
not while there
was a son to teach.
I taught myself.
watched him work.
I'd practice on the press at
night after we closed shop.
and it's a good thing I did.
'cause my brother turned
out to be an idiot.
And if I hadn't stepped in.
we would have lost the shop.
which he's going
to inherit anyway.
So why learn. then?
A Chinese woman in
America without a skill
is either going
to be a prostitute
or ends up being labeled
one and deported.
You ever think about going back?
To China?
No.
Why? Do you?
Not anymore.
You know. my father
isn't perfect...
but he sacrificed everything
to bring us here to America.
And in spite of how
awful it's been.
I still really think it's
the land of opportunity.
People like us just need
to try a little bit harder
to find it. that's all.
I guess San Francisco
has its charms...
aside from all the
people who want us dead.
I don't plan on
staying here forever.
My father's sick. and...
and when he's gone.
there isn't going to be
anything left keeping me here.
So no China.
no Chinatown.
Where will you go?
Maybe north. I think.
I hear there's a lot of
open spaces out there.
Maybe I'll find something I like
and make something of my own.
With this. I have
to confiscate it.
I'm sorry.
It's official.
I will not be
eating in Chinatown.
Those are actually pretty good.
Any luck with him?
He only had one ten in the till.
Came back queer.
Wasn't too pleased about
parting with it neither.
No. I imagine he wasn't.
I figure we split up. work
the rest of this block.
then expand our grid.
Pattern will emerge.
You can hang your hat on that.
I can see why the other
cops didn't like you.
You actually work for a living.
I saw an interesting article
in the "Register" today.
about Thayer's brother-in-law
being an opium addict.
I suppose every family
has their skeletons.
If you know where to dig.
You know. Miss Archer.
it's surprising
to find a woman of your
intelligence and background
who isn't married.
You're wondering what skeletons
might be lurking in my closet.
- Is that it?
- No. of course not.
I meant no offense.
Relax. Mr. Buckley.
My skin is thicker
than it looks.
Of course. my family expected me
to be married up years ago.
but I was more interested
in traveling the world
- than being tied down.
- And now?
I would think a woman like you
would have her pick of suitors.
And you would be wrong.
I'm suddenly a woman
of a certain age.
and as such. I'm
expected to entertain
a parade of sad widowers.
fading bachelors. and
pitiful eccentrics...
The price I paid
for my independence.
and well worth it.
I cherish my freedom...
which is why it takes
a special kind of man
to make an impression on me.
Oh. dear.
Have I stunned you into
silence. Mr. Buckley?
Call me Walter.
Walter.
Don't mind the looky-loos.
Seeing you out with a woman
is good for your campaign.
Perhaps.
But I wonder what
you will think of me
if I lose the election.
I would think no less of you.
But I'm not going
to let you lose.
I heard about Sonoma.
I'll go after them.
It's too late for that.
What are you talking
about. Ah Toy?
Come on. talk to me.
I have a business to run.
Wait.
I'm fine.
Ah Toy!
Maybe take a few days.
Let Chao handle things till
you're feeling up to it.
Do you have any idea how long
it took to put this dress on?
Cheers. Cheers.
Good to see you.
Did we take a wrong
turn somewhere?
Trust me.
We're exactly where
we're meant to be.
What the fuck is this place?
It's a private club
for people who share a
certain joie de vivre.
a place without boundaries.
where everyone is welcome.
- Ah. Monsieur Marcel.
- Oh.
Welcome back.
Would you prefer the
blue or the green?
Oh. excellent choice.
Enjoy your evening. gentlemen.
That was disgusting.
Mm. I promise you're going
to love it when it kicks in.
Come on.
Hey...
there's more.
I think I'm going
to like it here.
Yuxian.
- Whoa!
- Sorry.
Watch the suit.
you clumsy bitch.
Well. you can make it up to me.
Come on. let's have some fun.
- Hey!
- Come on. let's go upstairs.
Stop! Let go!
Stop it!
Lai.
Go upstairs...
Now.
Ah Toy. long time no see.
Respect my girls or
you're out. Get me?
Sure. No problem.
- Sergeant O'Hara.
- Everything all right?
Things seem a little
tense in here.
Was just small disagreement.
I take care of it.
For last week. extra.
when I not in town.
You may wish you
hadn't come back.
The new police chief is. uh...
coming down hard on Chinatown.
That what red envelope for.
Well. you've always
done right by me. but...
things are changing.
I may not be able to keep
trouble from your door forever.
In Chinatown...
no one think about forever...
only today. maybe tomorrow.
Thank you all for coming.
I've called this
press conference
to address a salacious article
the "Register" saw fit to
publish about my family.
specifically...
my brother-in-law's
unfortunate opium habit.
First and foremost. it's
important to acknowledge
that this isn't news.
strictly speaking.
but a hit piece
planted by my opponent
without corroboration
in a desperate attempt
to bolster a faltering campaign.
- There is no reason...
- Do you deny the report. then?
No.
I do not.
I'm only sorry that
Howard's private struggle
has been made public
because of my candidacy.
My brother-in-law
was wounded in battle
in the service of his country.
Like so many others.
his pain did not end when
the fighting stopped.
And it is the intention
of my family...
to love and support him...
however we can.
As with so many
things. compassion.
not judgment. must
be our guiding light.
You're unfocused today.
Too slow.
Sloppy.
So...
you want to talk about it?
It's Mai Ling.
She's spending more and
more time in the pond.
You must have
known her ambitions
would reach beyond the
confines of Chinatown.
This feels different.
Are you worried about her...
or the tong?
She isn't safe out there.
She won't let me protect her.
Mai Ling is very smart...
but sometimes it's the smartest
ones who forget to be wise.
Good thing she has
you to remind her.
Now...
We going to fight or what?
Regardless. the
state of California
is well within its rights
to assert eminent domain.
It has offered just
compensation to Miss Davenport
and has clearly demonstrated
its public use as a route...
A privately owned
and managed railroad
does not constitute public use.
Might I remind the court
that we have proffered
multiple witnesses
who will testify
that Miss Davenport
was housing prostitutes
on her so-called vineyard.
That is outrageous.
Judge Hopkins.
Miss Davenport has a long
and well-documented history
of liberating young
women from bondage.
- These girls were her employees.
- I've heard enough.
My ruling is that the
state has just grounds
to exercise its
constitutional powers.
Eminent domain stands.
Wait.
Your Honor. please!
You can't let him
get away with this.
Wha...
- Charles. I don't understand.
- I did what I could.
No. Miss Davenport.
This isn't over.
I'm sorry. Nellie.
I know you were hoping
for a different outcome.
If there's anything I can do...
I always knew you
were a shit. Douglas.
You just hid it better
than my husband.
But I didn't know
you were a monster.
Please understand that all I
want. all I've ever wanted.
was to see you taken
care of. however I could.
You just couldn't stand
not having something
that you wanted.
so you took it. like a...
Like a petulant child!
I can see you're upset.
but I'm afraid I don't know
what you're talking about.
You killed them.
You murdered my
girls. and for what?
For more money. as if
you didn't have enough.
You are sick. Douglas.
You are a twisted.
despicable creature.
No. this man. this
man is a murderer.
Bernard and his friends
are obsessed with the game.
Personally. I don't
see what's so thrilling
about knocking
little balls around.
Well. there is a little bit more
to it than that.
darling. but. uh...
admittedly. it is more fun
when there's money at stake.
But the real appeal is
escaping their nagging wives.
Oh. I seem to have run dry.
I'll go get us a fresh bottle.
That sounds delightful.
Oh. I. uh... I
meant to tell you...
I'm looking at providing
high-interest bridge loans
using the capital you provided.
They'll. uh. bring in
a substantial return.
but we... we have to move slowly
to avoid any unwanted attention.
And your fee?
Well. given our
personal relationship.
I'll keep it
modest... Say. uh. 5%.
Let's make it 10%.
I intend for this to be a
long and fruitful arrangement
for the both of us.
You. um...
really are...
Quite beautiful.
Wait. Stop. What
are you doing?
- You must have misunderstood.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
I hope I haven't spoiled things.
Not at all.
We all make mistakes.
No need to let it
affect our partnership.
Oh. good. You're here.
Yeah. I-I think I
found something.
They say the state
of a man's office
is a reflection of
his state of mind.
The thing is this is my office.
I've been through every
territory in Chinatown.
testing bills.
and most of them
came back clear.
except for the
ones in this pile.
Where did you find them?
I pulled a few off a
highbinder in a Hop Wei suit
and a few more in
shops here. here...
- And here.
- All in Hop Wei territory.
It makes sense.
With the increased police
presence and enforcement.
cash must be tight.
So where are my plates?
My best guess...
Hop Wei headquarters.
It's the most fortified spot.
And here I was. wondering what
we were going to do today.
Now. we're going to
need some backup.
- I'll go tell Bill.
- Well. I'll tell Atwood.
Why should you have all the fun?
You're pretty handy
with that blade.
- Care for a turn?
- I prefer using my hands.
Speaking of hands...
I hear Mr. Pierce has
some new holes in his.
The man insulted
me in me own bar.
Then I admire your restraint.
I took care of your
problem. Mr. Strickland.
but now I'm left
with one of my own.
Pierce promised to
hire 40 of my men.
Look. you want me
to hire 40 Irishmen.
I'll hire 40 Irishmen.
But you'll still be precisely
where you are right now...
Fighting to gain
every sad little inch.
I've got hungry men
banging down my door.
They'll take every
inch they can get.
As long as you keep begging
wealthy men for scraps.
that's all they'll receive.
You have things people
want. Mr. Leary...
Votes. workers. influence.
Yeah. so I'm told.
But it hasn't put my
people back to work.
Because Buckley takes
your votes for granted
and Thayer supports
Chinese labor.
Put it this way...
You can't beat this
problem with your fists.
You can't outspend
the industrialists.
If you're telling me
the game's rigged.
it's not fucking news.
How much do you think
this ring is worth?
No idea.
But based on the finger
that's wearing it.
I'd say a lot.
I don't think it's worth $2.
but I value it more
than anything I own
because of who I took it from.
Money isn't
everything. Mr. Leary.
Power comes to those who
are willing to seize it.
I don't know what we're
talking about here.
Talking about an alliance.
Work with me.
and I'll show you how
you win this game.
What do you get out of it?
I have big plans for California.
but I can't realize them
without government approval.
without laws. workers.
You can help me get them.
How do you figure that?
The details can wait.
Come on. let's
have another drink.
Tomorrow you can
tell your working men
you did as you promised.
40 jobs. right?
Judge Milton Hopkins...
Mr. Dylan Leary. my guest
of honor this evening.
Pleasure to meet
you. Mr. Leary.
Who are they?
Do you really need
to know their names?
- Stone.
- Mm-hmm.
Take three men. set up a
perimeter around the corner.
- Anderson. Cartwright.
- Yes. boss.
Cut off passage to the west.
If you see any black suits
running. shoot to kill.
Yes. sir.
The rest of you
gentlemen are with me.
Now. that is how you win...
Beautiful hand. not
that chicken shit hand
that Hong keeps winning with.
You know. we're letting
you win. right. boss?
Letting me win? Get the
fuck out of here. Hong.
Hey. come on. we'll be
here all night. Let's go.
Up against the wall!
Secret Service. Nobody move.
Nice and easy.
Nobody do shit.
Right. line them
up. Let's go. boys.
Come on! Come over here!
- You fuck.
- You. get over there.
You two take the hallway.
I'll have a gander upstairs.
So this is the Hop Wei tong...
the most terrifying band of
highbinders in Chinatown.
They're certainly
the best dressed.
You know what I see?
Fear...
Weakness...
Subhuman excrement
wrapped in silk.
Gentlemen. show them
what we're about!
You really think these
guys are stupid enough
to print counterfeits
in their own backyard?
I reckon I won't
know till I look.
Ready?
Fuck. no.
That look like a
secret door to you?
Don't gloat. It
doesn't suit you.
Looks like you want
to say something. boy.
Go on. out with it.
Sorry. I...
I-I didn't catch that.
Fuck your mother's smelly pussy.
With stones like those...
I gather you're in charge.
So you want to be
the big man. huh?
Now's your chance.
Do it. princess.
Come on. make a fucking move.
- There's nothing here.
- I can see that. Bill.
They moved something.
something heavy.
Someone must have warned
them we were coming.
Fuck.
San Francisco Police Department!
- Get up against the wall!
- Whoa. whoa.
- Come here.
- What?
Come here.
Okay. the bulls...
They've got us boxed in.
We can't go back.
Let's just leave it here.
They might not check the cart.
No. if they do. the
tong is screwed.
I need to get these
plates out of here.
Look at me. Look at me.
Hey! Hey!
This isn't your
problem. Just go home.
They won't stop you.
Well. what are you going to do?
I'll figure something out.
- That is so stupid.
- Yeah.
- You need a plan.
- I like to improvise.
Hey. take off your jacket.
They're looking
for Hop Wei. right?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Hey. let's go.
Whoa.
This is not your house.
- Hey!
- Lee. no.
This is not your tong.
Chief. he's had enough.
- You have nothing.
- Chief.
- You are nothing.
- Chief. he's had enough.
Chief. he's done.
Don't you ever...
lay a finger on me again.
Arrest this man.
He assaulted an officer.
- Shit.
- Hey.
- There's more cops to the right.
- Then go the other way.
- Excuse me!
- Aw. shit.
- You there!
- Keep going.
Don't look at him.
San Francisco Police.
I need to check that wagon.
- What do we do now?
- I'm working on it.
You. stop!
Turn left.
Come on. boys.
It's a dead end.
We can't get out.
Neither can they.
Wait. what?
Fuck is your problem. lady?
Didn't you hear us?
Where's the other one?
Your fucking friend...
where is he?
This bitch doesn't understand
a word you're saying.
Talking slower ain't going to
make a shit bit of difference.
There's only one language
these people understand.
Let's take a look.
What the fuck?
Stone! Harrison!
What the hell is going on?
Up you go. you piece of shit.
Get in there!
- Come on. come on! Let's go!
- Right. let's move it out!
Chao tipped them off.
It's the only thing
that makes sense.
You must have known he would.
I thought we'd be faster.
Your new boss is a real charmer.
He's a fucking
lunatic is what he is.
You should have
been chief. Bill.
Serves me right.
I should never have trusted
a snake like Buckley.
I knew better!
What about your case?
Hop Wei will go underground now.
Back to square one.
Don't beat yourself
up over this.
That round-headed cunt had us
going through the front door.
guns blazing.
It was never going to work.
Idiot.
- Jesus Christ.
- Bill.
Stone! What the hell happened?
We got jumped by
a couple of slants
in an alley up the road.
- Hop Wei?
- Oh. maybe.
He wasn't wearing a suit.
He who? Give us something!
Well. I don't fucking know!
He was fast. though.
Cut through the five of
us like we were nothing.
He had a girl with him. too.
They were hauling
something on a wagon.
You think you'd recognize
him if you saw him again?
I don't fucking know.
It was dark. They were chinks.
What the fuck you want from me?
Fucking hell.
Okay. I need you to
watch over the plates
for a little while till
I figure out what to do.
You just beat up
a bunch of cops.
Yeah. well. they had it coming.
And what... you think
that they're just
going to forget about that?
- Okay.
- They saw our faces.
I didn't have a choice.
That is not true.
We could have run.
We could have done
anything. and I hit a cop.
Okay.
And I have never
done that before.
- Listen to me.
- Don't you get it?
They could have killed us!
They didn't. and they
don't know anything.
- You don't know that.
- Yes. I do.
I didn't sign up for this.
- I know.
- This isn't what I wanted.
You okay?
Eliza.
Where are Franny and the others?
Is something wrong?
Is this the woman.
Mrs. Pendleton?
Yes. Officer.
I don't understand.
What's going on?
You're under arrest for
criminal solicitation.
What? Of who?
Eliza. what is this?
I saw you yesterday
with Bernard.
He told me everything.
He touched me.
I swear. I would
never do this to you.
Ma'am?
I took pity on you.
- I let you into my home.
- I didn't do anything.
We were discussing business.
and he just reached out and...
Eliza. please. you
have to believe me!
I hope they send
you back to China.
Eliza! Please!
- Eliza. stop them!
- Come on.
- Eliza!
- Let's go.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today